His Royal Highness King Huai's illness is highly contagious
You must wear a mask to enter
Don't worry, I'll make it clear to him.
It won't burden him psychologically.
Shut up, this palace has been watching you recently
I haven't started treatment yet.
You just did this
Don't worry, just pay attention
I haven't worn a mask in and out these days, have I?
Brother Liu has been seriously ill for a long time
Let's try not to make him feel bad.
Stop what are you doing
Since my father sent me to heal King Huai
You have to listen to me about everything about the condition
Lao Zheng is highly contagious
The mouth can be contagious
Do not wear a mask
No one is allowed to enter this room
Lord Gu Si, you are guarding at the door
Those entering must wear masks
Those who do not wear masks will not be allowed in
Including Concubine Lu
You even dare to stop me?
Get out of here
Go in and put on the mask first
This is given to you by the emperor
Supreme Emperor
King of Chu
What a concubine
He had a sign.
This king can't help it
The father and the king are destined
He makes decisions about everything.
Even this king is only responsible for picking up and delivering
Good idea.
You actually moved the emperor and the supreme emperor to crush this palace
Luffy is just wearing a mask
Go back and make it clear to the emperor
Just let Princess Chu in
Don't delay the illness
You look at the person who goes in and has to take out a loan
You you